== LANIUS CMS README FILE ==

== WHAT IS LANIUS CMS? ==

Lanius CMS is a light-weight content management system (CMS) with one of the
best performance and broadest host compatibilities in the CMS field. It comes
out of the box with two flatfile database choices (Gladius DB and SQLite) and
does not need third party databases although it supports all of them. It is 
ideal for those hosts that do not have a RDMS (Relational Database Management
System) such as MySQL, as is the case in almost every freely hosted site. 
Its target solutions span from a small website to the most complex portal or
web application; it can be easily backed up with it's own SQL file and/or 
complete backup so that maintenance and data recovery is a matter of seconds.

Lanius CMS is open-source and available to everybody for free!

Lanius CMS is suitable for a wide range of target solutions, spanning from
small personal websites to complex commercial applications.

This is an example listing of possible Lanius CMS applications:

    * Community-based portals
    * Personal or family homepages
    * Corporate intranets and extranets
    * Magazines and newspapers
    * Non-profit and organizational websites
    * School and church websites
    * Corporate websites or portals
    * Government applications 

The standard Lanius CMS package is simple, easy to install and does not require
any programming skills to setup. Once installed it is very easy to perform the
most common tasks such as adding or editing content, managing photos or file
downloads and administering forums. The simple web-based interface allows users
to add new press releases or news items, manage staff pages and static content,
job listings, product images, and create an unlimited number of sections and
content pages on the website. Lanius CMS will adapt to your server capabilities
and resources; it will work out-of-the-box with PHP4 and PHP5, forget your
migration troubles. Your Lanius CMS on PHP4 will work without any compatibility
issues when moved to PHP5. Also, it is extremely easy to make a backup with a
flatfile database and then restore it on MySQL or any other database system.

Lanius CMS is a powerful combination of speed, security, ease of use,
flexibility and extreme customization capabilities.

== SUPPORT ==

Support is currently available for free through the Lanius CMS Forums
(http://laniuscms.org/forums).

== DOCUMENTATION ==

Documentation regarding the several functions and features available in Lanius
CMS can be found at http://wiki.laniuscms.org.

== ISSUE TRACKER ==

If you find any bug or just want to suggest an improvement or a new Feature
then please submit them to http://bugs.laniuscms.org/

== LICENSE ==

Lanius CMS is released under the GNU General Public license version 2,
abbreviated as GNU/GPL or GNU/GPLv2. The license provides for a person or
persons to distribute Lanius CMS for a fee, but to actually not charge for the
software itself as Lanius CMS is free. Lanius CMS is free to share and change,
but, what if I change it in anyway, can I also change the license and make it
commercial? The answer is: No! The whole GPL is devoted to ensuring this does
not happen. Copyright, a much more refined and stringent law will prevent this
as well.
You MAY distribute it and charge for that service. You MAY change it, add
design and content to it and you MAY charge for that. You may NOT alter the 
license and you must NOT alter the copyright.
In other words, you must NOT pretend that Lanius CMS is yours, and you must NOT
charge people for Lanius CMS.

See also LICENSE for the full license.
